Formalize percent encoding for names in list (#2375)
httpwg/http-extensions: draft-ietf-httpbis-alias-proxy-status.md

record for the original hostname, and the final name in the `next-hop-aliases` list would
be the name that ultimately resolved to one or more addresses.

The list of DNS names in `next-hop-aliases` use a comma (",") as a separator between names.
DNS names normally just contain alphanumeric characters and hyphens ("-"), although they
are allowed to contain any character {{?RFC1035, Section 3.1}}, including a comma. To
prevent commas or other special characters in names leading to incorrect parsing,
any URI Reserved Characters {{!RFC3986, Section 2.2}} as well as "%" that appear in names

> in this list MUST be percent-encoded as defined in {{!RFC3986, Section 2.1}}.

Author: ```suggestion
in this list MUST be percent-encoded as defined in {{!RFC3986, Section 2.1}}.
Double quote characters and backslash characters use the escaping defined
in Structured Field Strings {{!STRUCTUREDFIELDS=RFC8941, Section 3.3.3}}.
Any names that include characters not allowed in Structured Field Strings, such
as newlines or tabs, MUST NOT be included in the list.
```

record for the original hostname, and the final name in the `next-hop-aliases` list would
be the name that ultimately resolved to one or more addresses.

> The list of DNS names in `next-hop-aliases` use a comma (",") as a separator between names.
> DNS names normally just contain alphanumeric characters and hyphens ("-"), although they
> are allowed to contain any character {{?RFC1035, Section 3.1}}, including a comma. To
> prevent commas or other special characters in names leading to incorrect parsing,
> any URI Reserved Characters {{!RFC3986, Section 2.2}} as well as "%" that appear in names
> in this list MUST be percent-encoded as defined in {{!RFC3986, Section 2.1}}.
> Double quote characters and backslash characters use the escaping defined
> in Structured Field Strings {{!STRUCTUREDFIELDS=RFC8941, Section 3.3.3}}.
> Any names that include characters not allowed in Structured Field Strings, such
> as newlines or tabs, MUST NOT be included in the list.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
The list of DNS names in `next-hop-aliases` use a comma (",") as a separator between names.
DNS names normally just contain alphanumeric characters and hyphens ("-"), although they
are allowed to contain any character {{?RFC1035, Section 3.1}}, including a comma. To
prevent commas or other special characters in names leading to incorrect parsing,
any characters that appear in names in this list that do not belong to the set of URI
Unreserved Characters {{!RFC3986, Section 2.3}} MUST be percent-encoded as
defined in {{!RFC3986, Section 2.1}}.

```
